docs: clairfy g8r requires user for tracing (#2358)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: website/docs/debug.md

   * A trace of the evaluation
   * The input document being evaluated

> Writing out all the information above for every request would be very expensive in terms of memory and load on the API server. It would also be hard

Reviewer: FWIW it's the Gatekeeper server that would experience load and increased latency, which may lead to requests timing out, affecting the performance of the API server.

> Writing out all the information above for every request would be very expensive in terms of memory and load on the API server. It would also be hard

Author: ```suggestion
Writing out all the information above for every request would be expensive in terms of memory and load on the Gatekeeper server, which may lead to requests timing out. It would also be hard
```

    # Requests for which we want to run traces
    traces:
        # The requesting user for which traces will be run
        # This field is required.
        # To trace multiple users, feel free to pass in a list.

>         # To trace controllers, use the service accounts of those controlelrs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # To trace controllers, use the service accounts of those controllers.
```
